Analysis doc for codes 127-131 (#8506)
istio/istio.io: content/en/docs/reference/config/analysis/ist0130/index.md

---
title: VirtualServiceUnreachableRule
layout: analysis-message
owner: istio/wg-user-experience-maintainers
test: no
---

This message occurs when a virtual service contains a match rule that will never be used because a previous rule specifies the same match.  It also occurs when there is more
than one rule without any match at all.

## Example

You will receive this message:

{{< text plain >}}
Warning [IST0130] (VirtualService sample-foo-cluster01.default) VirtualService rule #1 not used (only the last rule can have no matches).
{{< /text >}}

> when your cluster has following virtual service:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
when your cluster has the following virtual service:
```

{{< text yaml >}}
apiVersion: networking.istio.io/v1alpha3
kind: VirtualService
metadata:
  name: sample-foo-cluster01
  namespace: foo
spec:
  hosts:
  - sample.foo.svc.cluster.local
  http:
  - fault:
      delay:
        fixedDelay: 5s
        percentage:
          value: 100
    route:
    - destination:
        host: sample.foo.svc.cluster.local
  - mirror:
      host: sample.bar.svc.cluster.local
    route:
    - destination:
        host: sample.bar.svc.cluster.local
        subset: v1
{{< /text >}}

In this example, the virtual service specifies

> both a fault and a mirror.  It is allowed to have both, but the user
> has used two different http route entries (one for each `-`), leading
> to an ambiguity.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
both a fault and a mirror. Having both is allowed, but they must be in
the same route entry. Here the user
has used two different http route entries (one for each `-`), the first
overrides the second.
```
